[Unified Recorder] Support "variables" in recordings with proxy-tool (#18585)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/test-utils/recorder-new/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.0 (Unreleased)

## 2021-11-08

> - Allows storing the dynamically created variables in the record mode. Recorder registers the variables as part of the recording. Using the "variables" in playback mode would give the key-value pairs that are stored in record mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allows storing dynamically created variables in record mode. The recorder registers the variables as part of the recording and stores their values in the recording file. Using the `variables` in playback mode produces the key-value pairs that were stored in the recording file.
```

  Example:

  ```ts
  if (!isPlaybackMode()) {
    recorder.variables["random-1"] = `random-${Math.ceil(Math.random() * 1000 + 1000)}`;
  }
  ```

>   Use this `recorder.variables["random-1"]` whereever you'd like to use in your test after the if-block. (This would work in all three modes - record/playback/live just by adding the if-block above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use `recorder.variables["random-1"]` to access the value of the variable after setting it. The variable can be accessed in all three modes -- record, playback, and live -- as long as it is set in record mode before it is accessed.
```

I'm assuming that this is the right interpretation of how the "variable" system works.
